Appendix B: Characters
----------------------

Bardryn Stonebreaker
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Father of Graz Stonebreaker.

Brother to Bloodforge. Took in Gryzar Bloodforge after his mother was
killed and father was lost in mourning after trying to search for his
wife.

Calador
~~~~~~~

Once a treasure-hunting High Elf, Calador is the head administrator of
the guild of Hot Mess of Brie. He performs the day-to-day tasks managing
the day-to-day operations of the guild headquarters as well as any
administrative task requiring the cooperation of the guild with the
headquarters of Acquisitions Incorporated. Personal Life

Calador went to wizarding school in an attempt to gain favor from his
family, much like his oldest brother Faen.

Adventurer’s Backstory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Calador found The Bone of Dorsain - a legendary magical artifact used to
worship the Ouroboros Snake in the cult temple of life, death, and
rebirth The Ouroboros Temple. He met the adventuring party when Winsom
Landy hired the adventurers to help escort a magical artifact back to
civilization for identification and eventual resell.

The Bone of Dorsain, however, was full of incredibly potent necrotic
energy and eventually drove Calador mad, causing him to crave humanoid
flesh. Throughout the adventure her turned all of his compatriots into
ghouls under his control.

After being defeated by The Hot Mess of Brie team, he was brought back
from the beyond as a spectre by Jim Darkmagic (as a kind of cruel joke
or otherwise) to perform as the Guild Administrator for The Hot Mess of
Brie.

He is not well known to do his administrative duties effectively. He
also refers to all those living inside The Ouroboros Temple
(Headquarters) as trespassers.

Ella Bafflestone
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Owner** and operator of Herb’s Garden.

Eva Quinton
~~~~~~~~~~~

Owner and operator of The Babbling Bandit.

Fergus Westwood
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Prince of the Principality of Mingia.

Frat Spectator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Encountered in the Tomb of the Lord of Midnight, the Frat Spectator was
found guarding a tomb after a hard night of drinking. Had Eberhard not
been able to communicate, this party may have been in for more than they
could handle!

Gaaki Hildenman
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Owner and operator of The Mare’s Whinney, Gaaki is a female half-orc.

Garfield, the Deals Warlock
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The assigned deals warlock for Hot Mess of Brie. Seemingly every time
the Adventurers go into The Fantasy Costco it seems like they’re
immediately tracked down by this guy. Overly cheerful and pretty
whimsical, Garfield is happy to make a deal at whatever the cost.

Gimish Coggsnoggin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Local treasure seeker. Often has the low-down on a lucrative adventure
and is willing to give out the information in exchange for a signed
contract (that he usually gets worked over on as he does not care to
read the remainder of the documentation.

Does not care who receives the information so long as he’s paid for it.

Grand Vizer Faen
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Powerful wizard and advisor to Fergus Westwood, he poses a threat to the
operations of Acquisitions Incorporated in the Principality of Mingia.

Graz Stonebreaker
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Son of Bardryn Stonebreaker, he accompanied Calador and Winsom Landy as
a mercenary for hire to protect the band of treasure hunters. Ultimately
he was murdered by Calador and turned into a ghoul to help fend off the
adventurers.

The Stonebreaker clan is cousin to the clan Bloodforge.

Halimath Ilphelkiir
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Owner and operator of The Wizard’s Sleeve, a magical library and
spellscroll shop. Well known around the area to have an encyclopedic
word-for-word knowledge of all the books in his library. Other rumors
mention his ability to whoop ass at full speed.

Hetal
~~~~~

Hetal is a level 8 human rogue (4)/cleric(4) from Waterdeep working for
the Ytepka Society. She is very aware of the goings on of the town
square from Hanif’s coin to Kirnih’s produce to Tifter’s debacle.

An old friend of hers, Guard Jafari, was on duty on the evening of
Tifter’s murder, and Hetal wanted to drop by to say hello. Unfortunately
for Jafari, Hetal spotted Kris being allowed to enter and exit the shop
at an unusually late hour. Having accosted Jafari after and found out
the details of events inside the shop, she was to promise not to tell of
the deal or her friend would be murdered by Kris’ Daermon
N’a’shezbaernon gang.

Jacob Ashbridge, Baron
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A garish baron with an exceedingly large plantation on the outskirts of
Kassoon. Recently he’s decided to spend his fortune ensuring that he and
his wife Persephone Ashbridge live throughout eternity resting in wild
and difficult locations. Having sought out The Tomb of the Meridian
Lord, he and his wife Persephone have bitten off more than they can chew
when a deadly poltergeist and a devious carrion crawler halt
construction.

After the Adventurers successfully returned Persephone Ashbridge to him,
he told the players that he’s always got work for reliable employees.

Jeremy Snoot
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The most easily intimidated customs official in the city of Kassoon,
From blueprints of government buildings to shipping manifests, he’s your
halfling.

Very timid, somewhat like Porky Pig if Porky pig had no backbone.

Jim Darkmagic
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Have a magical day!

Jim Winifred Darkmagic III is the scion of a mysterious, multiplanar
wizarding family. Jim’s arcane pedigree has long preceded him,
incorporating equally healthy amounts of magical training and innate
eldritch prowess. However, despite a natural talent that could have
allowed him to make a name for himself as a court wizard, or perhaps
“that strange old man in the village,” Jim’s original penchant was not
for the magic of scroll or spell, but for the stage.

As an entertainer and purveyor of the “Jim Darkmagic Experience,” the
legendary mage can often be found in markets and town squares,
performing features of mundane legerdemain. The renown he has earned for
these feats is nearly equaled by the reputation that follows him as
chief arcanist (and occasional arsonist) for Acquisitions Incorporated.
And although his skills as an adventurer and real wizard remain highly
sought after, Jim looks forward to a well-earned retirement, at which
point he hopes to become a “real wizard” -- by which he means a fake
wizard -- full time.

Jim Darkmagic (High Elf) is the owner/CEO of the Acquisitions
Incorporated (AI) company, which franchised Hot Mess of Brie out of the
city of Kasoon

Not much is known about Jim Darkmagic other than he is a very powerful
wizard, known for using the magic at-will to momentarily inconvenience
other during regular conversations. Additionally Darkmagic has been
known to perform powerful ritualistic magic. In the beginning of the
Incorporation of Hot Mess of Brie, he and a few other mages teleported
the entire Ouroboros Temple to the city of Kassoon to make it more
readily accessible to a town.

Jim Darkmagic publicly resents the influence that The Grand Vizer Faen
has on all local politics (and thus AI)

| Jim Darkmagic \|
| - \|
| Medium Humanoid, chaotic neutral \|
| Armor Class: 12 (15 with mage armor) \|
| Hit Points: 40 (9d8) \|
| Speed: 30ft \|

+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Str      | Dex       | Con       | Int       | Wis       | Cha       |
+==========+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| 8 (-1)   | 14 (+2)   | 10 (+0)   | 18 (+4)   | 12 (+1)   | 14 (+2)   |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

| Saving Throws Int +7, Wis +4 \|
| - \|
| Skills Acrobatics +5, Animal Handling +4, Arcana +7, History +7,
Perception +5 \|
| Senses passive perception 11 \|
| Languages Common \|
| Challenge 5 (1800xp) \|

| Properties
| -
| Special Equipment. Jim carries a wand of wonder
| Benign Transportation (Recharges after Jim Casts a Conjuration Spell
of 1st Level or Higher). As a bonus action, Jim teleports up to 30 feet
to a space where he can see. This space must be unoccupied or occupied
by a willing Small or Medium creature. If the latter, Jim and the
willing creature both teleport, swapping places.
| Spellcasting. Jim is a 9th level spellcaster. His spellcasting ability
is Intelligence (spell save DC +7 to hit with spell attacks). He has the
following Wizard spells prepared: Cantrips (at will): fire bolt,
friends, mage hand, minor illusion, prestigitation1st level (4 slots):
disguise self, Jim's magic missile\ *, shield, mage armor 2nd level (3
slots): invisibility, Jim's glowing coin*, scorching ray 3rd level (3
slots): incite greed, dispel magic, fireball 4th level (3 slots):
conjure minor elementals, polymorph 5th level (1 slot): mislead
| Actions:
| Dagger. Melee or Ranged Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5ft or range
20/60ftHit: 4 (1d4 + 2) piercing damage
| Minor Conjuration: Jim conjures an inanimate object, no larger than 3
feet on a side and no more than 10 pounds, in his hand or on the ground
in an unoccupied space he can see within 10 feet of him. The object is
visibly magical, radiating dim light out of 5 feet. It disappears if it
takes any damage, after one hour, or when Jim uses this feature again.

Jolruzai Runzehr
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Overseer of plant sales and assassinations merchant lord in Kassoon.

Informed by Kirnih Oceantalon, owner of A Florist’s Delight, that Boxes
of Clover was a new, unregulated business on the scene. In response, she
tightened import regulations and sent agents undercover to threaten
Tifter into submitting to her commercial control. When nothing changed,
it was Zhanti who convinced her to do nothing. In exchange for tax-free
armour for her assassins, Jolruzai would no longer interfere with Boxes
of Clover.

Jolruzai grew more frustrated that a new business (that she didn’t
control) was hoarding a big proportion of the plant market’s money. With
a little persuasion from the local stall holders, she granted Kirnih a
sanction to kill Tifter by poison, her specialty. Kirnih’s poison,
however, only sent Tifter to sleep.

Kirnih Oceantalon
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Owner of A Florist’s Delight and member of Daermon N'a'shezbaernon.

Kirnih is a very gifted poison crafter and largely produces poisons to
Jolruzai’s assasination business.

She was granted a sanction to kill Tifter by poison, her specialty.
Kirnih’s poison, however, only sent Tifter to sleep.

Kraz
~~~~

Kraz is a hobgoblin pack leader that the Adventurers encountered in
Havel’s Crossing. Kadar called their bluff and got all the hobgoblins to
leave the inn without even taking their weapons along.

Krissa Dicant
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Business partner to Tifter Valeure at Boxwood Cloves. Operative and
member of Daermon N'a'shezbaernon.

Melrak the Bookie
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A charismatic black dwarf and chief bookmaker of the The Brass Raven,
with a loud personality.

Perry Ribald
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Perry is the primary and lead documancer for the Hot Mess of Brie team.
He is a very shrewd gnome who does his best to make predatory contracts
in favor of the guild.

Persephone Ashbridge, Baroness
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Wife of Baron Jacob Ashbridge, Persephone is a shrewd and wicked woman.
She is a thoroughly distasteful woman interested only in her greed and
momentary whims.

After a harrowing attempt to clear out The Tomb of the Meridian Lord for
her own burial site, she was rescued by the Hot Mess of Brie adventurers
and returned safely to her husband. She now appreciates what they have
to offer skill-wise, if only barely.

Tifter and Tiffany Valeure
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tifter and Tiffany were born to middle class human parents Hortiff and
Yasmina Valeure, two mercenaries stationed in the city of Waterdeep. The
jobs paid well, and so the two children never wanted for anything. It
had always been a family tradition that when a child comes of age (18),
they must flee the nest to train at another mercenary encampment,
believing that a new “cultural experience” is good for the soul.

Tifter was never a good soldier – he was too busy jumping on the newest
bandwagon for personal glory to worry about the “greater good”. However,
to ensure a good allowance was maintained from his parents, he agreed to
travel to the Flaming Fist Camp in Kernwith Keep to “really make a
difference to the impoverished peninsula”. Tifter never made it to
Kernwith Keep, instead enamoured by the commerce and excitement of
Kassoon. He decided to open a flower shop selling Boxwood Clovers. The
clovers were a hit with the locals, quickly becoming known for its
beautiful scent and unique colourings. Tifter set up shop in the Kassoon
town center the place to be if you were going to sell anything.

Tifter met Kris Dicant, a traveller “looking for work”. Their
relationship quickly spiralled from there. First lovers and then
friends, the pair ended up becoming business partners for the successful
shop, now named Boxes of Clover. As Tifter’s luck would have it, Kris is
in fact a member of Daermon N'a'shezbaernon, an underground spy network
seeking wealth wherever they can. Kris themself is part of the search
for the Ring of Frost, a magical item rumoured to render someone
invincible. When they realised the search was fruitless, they decided to
park the endeavour for a bit to focus on something more interesting –
money. Boxes of Clover had unfortunately had a few robberies in recent
months, and Tifter had been followed home on a number of occasions by
people trying to find out where the stash of flowers was stored.
Eventually it was decided that the shop needed protection – Kris quickly
provided 9 guards for the work.

Winsom Landy
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Quest giver that hired HMOB to escort a found magical artifact back to
civilization. After accompanything the heroes to The Ouroboros Temple,
she rushed ahead of the adventurers and was murdered by Calador and
turned into a ghoul.

Zhanti
~~~~~~

Merchant lord. Overseer of armour sales and a member of both the secret
Ytepka Society and Daermon N'a'shezbaernon in Kassoon.

Principal motivation as a merchant lord after money is restoring moral
order through the peninsula’s secret Ytepka Society. She’s one of the
society’s contacts with Daermon N'a'shezbaernon, and has thus been
working with Kris Dicant to establish trust before weeding her way in
further.

Zhanti protected Boxwood Clovers from Jolruzai by offering a favorable
trade in exchange for no longer looking to extract money from the
business. Zhanti had found the taste for money again and began to demand
a percentage of profits from the business. While Kris remained strong at
first, their resolve weakened and they began to feel the pressure to
earn more money.
